I have found this very usefull program. As the library is useless for me, I
have simply taken together source files, and modified the Makefile.

For Unix like systems, I have added an 'install' goal that installs
'hexcmp' executable in /usr/local/bin.

Pierre Molinaro, August 1st, 2008.

***** ORIGINAL README ****
 Hexcmp - Compare two hex files


 Description
 
  Hexcmp is a very simple program that tells you whether the memory
  represented in two hex files is equivalent.  In other words, even if two
  hex files are formatted differently, if they contain the same data, hexcmp
  will recognize that they are the same.
 
  The program will tell you the lowest memory address where the two files
  differ, and the contents of memory at that address for each file.  Note
  that this may not be the first sequential difference in either hex file,
  since it is perfectly valid to list records out of order in a hex file.
 
  Hexcmp compiles under Linux and other Unix-like operating systems.  It
  probably even works under Microsoft Windows, although I haven't had
  occasion to test it.
 
  I wrote the program because once I had needed a program like that, and
  couldn't find one.  When I wrote my dis51 8051 disassembly program, I had
  to write routines to parse a hex file.  I found it would be trivial to
  write hexcmp using those routines.
 
 
 Compiling and using hexcmp
 
  You can download the hexcmp source for free from
  http://home.earthlink.net/~davesullins/software/hexcmp-0.2.tar.gz.  It is
  released under the GNU Public License.  See the file COPYING for more
  details.

  First, you will need to install libhexfile if you don't already have it. 
  Change to the libhexfile-0.0 directory, edit the Makefile as necessary,
  and run "make install" as root to install the library.
 
  To compile hexcmp, change to the hexcmp-0.2 directory, then edit the
  Makefile if necessary.  After editing the Makefile, type "make" and you're
  done.
 
  To run hexcmp, simply type "hexcmp file1.hex file2.hex".  You will
  probably want to put hexcmp in some bin directory for convenience.
 
  If you don't want to install libhexfile, you can try "make static" from
  the hexcmp directory.  This will statically link libhexfile into your
  program.

 
 Bugs
 
  Please report any bugs by emailing me at davesullins@earthlink.net.
